Page preview clarification (#729)
obsidianmd/obsidian-help: en/Plugins/Page preview.md

Page preview lets you preview a page when you hover the cursor over an internal link, without needing to navigate to that page.

> By default, hovering over a link will preview that file in [[File explorer]], [[Search]], [[Backlinks]], and more. To preview a page while in Editing view, press `Ctrl` (or `Cmd` on macOS) while hovering the cursor over the link.

Author: ```suggestion
By default, hovering over a link will preview that file in [[File explorer]], [[Search]], [[Backlinks]], and other situations. To preview a page while in Editing view, press `Ctrl` (or `Cmd` on macOS) while hovering the cursor over the link.
```

Torn on wording -- offering this up as an alternative

There is also an option to require `Ctrl` (or `Cmd` on macOS) while hovering to see the file. The settings for this option are under Core plugins > Page preview.

> > [!warning]

Author: ^ This is the ah ha moment for me -- this is actually kind of surprising in my experience and according to others on the forum -- bumping from info to warning
